Follow up to "vmagent/client: Use VictoriaMetrics remote write protocol by default, downgrade to Prometheus if needed" (#8706)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: all the VictoriaMetrics components: mask `authKey` value from log messages. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5973) for details.
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/), [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): add helpful hints to the unexpected EOF error message in the write concurrency limiter. See [this pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8704) for details.

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): now uses VM remote write protocol by default with automatic runtime downgrade to Prometheus protocol when needed. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8462) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/): use [VM remote write protocol](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/#victoriametrics-remote-write-protocol) by default with automatic downgrade in runtime to Prometheus protocol when needed. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8462) for details.
```
